everybody welcome Eckener on the land
please binding my Xanterra plus we're
unstoppable unbreakable a living legend
- send me an angel and I thank you ooh
spoon bender bad damage bad rate of fire
bad speed bad space bar item J bmed zcj
and are you a wizard huh so this is like
hey screw it
I'm gonna stand in the room I have a
stand in the room Isaac that's how
you're going to start me I'm just going
to stand in the room patience is a
virtue how does this run look well it's
actually I mean spoon bender is sweet we
never should have to use spoon bender
because of the fact that we're firing so
freaking slowly that you know if we
can't aim we need to get our own spoon
Vince I don't know what that means but
there's plenty of if it's a good
baseline for future synergies is what
I'm getting at I had to test it but that
was idiotic I thought it only did a half
heart but at this point in my eyes a
career I should probably be aware of how
much image blood Rights does so the real
like terrible part of this run is the
fact that we have awful DPS and awful
well awful damage and awful rate of fire
which means that we have awful DPS and
then our HP is not quite good enough to
compensate in case that's not abundantly
clear so really like any champion
showing up could kill us pretty quickly
and these spiders like generate
problematic situations for us but then
of course they also could just kill us
in one hit right now so we really need
to get our red heart back rooms like
that are just a nightmare man to be fair
I like absolutely 100% never should have
popped blood rights early but is this
the is this the price you pay for
experimentation is this how Liberty dies
with thunderous applause
so to be fair this is the first well as
the second Isaac run of a quarter today
were the first one after the daily and
the daily was just like unstoppably good
so it's in a way and I say this without
a hint of bravado
is nice to have and this is not very
good but it's nice to have a daily or a
non daily that's kind of testing our
skill because I'd recorded something
like six non daily episodes yesterday
and they were all lights out they were
so good that I almost started to feel
bad by the end of them now I feel bad
but it's for different reasons mostly
because my damage is 2.5 and my rate of
fire is 16 if you'll excuse me I'm going
to go to Skype yeah that's what I
figured
syn Victor has this one daily of the
week where he scored higher than me so
he's rubbing it in on skype what a guy
class acts Invicta class sack okay this
is like this is the end of our lives
potentially whole did you see I'm not
actually bitter it's Invicta I'm just in
a my mood is down because of the fact
that I got 2.51 damage in a 16 rate of
fire my score was actually good on
today's daily you know can't complain
rather get 5 like top 1% finishes in a
row then old my display driver crashed
during yesterday's daily and my score
didn't go up yeah ok
I bet buddy we can you know you call me
a lot of things don't call me late for
dinner also I was born at night but it
wasn't last night also you've got to
wake up pretty early in the morning it
gets that one by me mister so we're
really actually in a good spot now not
long term but short term our survival is
if not guaranteed at least likely as a
result of the fact that we have
attempted rock all we need is a bomb or
a red heart I would accept either and
now three cents own it's an excel floor
so we I guess we're lucky that blood
rights didn't ruin our deal with the
devil chance it's kind of relatively
minor right now because I don't know if
we're ever going to get a chance to take
advantage of that
even if we do get it our HP is low
enough to make this pretty dicey I was
just about to say I don't really want to
fight the devil or fight the bosses
right now to try to get that deal with
the devil because if we fight a champion
version of Ragman we might as well just
you know alt f4 we will we will die it's
almost impossible to kill them and in
that amount of time now that we have one
spirit heart kind of feel like we should
explore a little bit more still if it
had been small rock I mean I would add
to think about it cuz it's always a
speed downgrade I've been misinformed
and people have told me oh it's not
always a speed downgrades just a speed
downgrade if your speeds been modified
apparently that's incorrect that is
helpful and now we can use a key to
maybe get to the shop and the shop could
provide us with another spear at hard
leach is actually okay first off it
fuels up blood Rights a little bit
secondly it's another source of damage
which at least is like it's something I
don't really want to use a bomb to get
to sense we can do better than that on
our if we just blow up our donation
machine I'd rather just blow this up for
ya more ROG P is probably just about the
best we could get right now so I mean I
think we've done pretty well on this
floor honestly this would be a great
time for the deal with the devil to
provide us with something amazing and I
say that not to be bitter or you know
entitled but look at the run the stats
are there's like a matrix you know and
I'm not talking about the Wachowski 's
film from 1999 saying you know from a
linear algebra standpoint it's like a
three three by two matrix on the the the
one side of the matrix is acceptable or
terrible and on the other side of the
matrix of the three stats that matter HP
tears and damage we have basically
gotten four of those matrix positions to
look like garbage
sad tears I don't know anything about
linear algebra well I know something
about it but it's been a while we got
bad tears we got bad damage our HP is
not great and then you know there's a
little addendum to the matrix it's like
the Animatrix and it's our speed and our
speeds now look at that hot either taken
us this long to kill monstro is a
terrible sign just a terrible sign so if
you could give me like really the only
thing that's transformative here is
magic much but I'll take any any
conceivable DP DPS upgrade these like
water to a dying man in the desert hook
me up
alright HP which we might not have even
wanted to take at least we're fighting
Larry jr. how we didn't get hit there is
like a miracle beyond human
comprehension
okay that's we deserved that one and the
leech is going to town it's like Brian
Leetch number two you know former right
defenseman for the New York Rangers and
then also Toronto Maple Leafs more HP
and book of sin Wow what what a world
well you know what I in a stick with
blood rides at least we got Lucky Penny
but I'm going to stick with blood rights
because I desperately need the damage
does blood rights take red hearts or
does it take spirit hearts because if it
takes red hearts we actually can use
this now I'm not suggesting by any
stretch of the imagination that this is
going to be a worthwhile endeavor for us
however you got to admit it's kind of
making me a believer right now you know
being able to use this once on rooms
that are pretty bad come on come on
leach yeah I want leach to get the hit
so that we can use blood rights later
he's got he's got it what did I tell you
he's got it um this could actually like
work for us it's just stupid enough to
work leech you got it buddy
thanks to the unlimited HP he's done it
this is actually great is this the run
where I I wonder if I'm living in some
kind of fantasy world because I'm
actually like pro blood rights I'm not
suggesting necessarily that this is long
term but this is a strategy that's
viable in the long term for certain I
would have to be oh thanks putting that
stuff over there I was worried that I
was going to be able to get it I don't
think that my survival is to likely in
the long term however blood rice is
doing great stuff for us right now how
long do you think it's going to take
leech to kill that mushroom our shot
speed is also bad like I it's not a stat
that matters at all
this one goes out to everybody who is
probably being like wow this runs like
overpowered look at how much damage he's
doing leech you got this buddy I'll help
out but you got to get the kill let's go
what a strange run like this is actually
the strangest run taro only seeded up a
crappy run whoa the strangest run
despite its bad stats it's kind of fun
whoa the strangest run then I've got
that damaged you hemming and his tears
are also bad minutes a stranger's cat
ever
Oh the strangest run okay we don't want
I mean we I'm I use the devil card when
I meant to just hit WASD so I think here
we want this to
love the boss's life and hey man there's
a little chariot so straight up
give me the placenta item leech get in
your body want the placenta item because
it gives us some life steel we also
earned a deal with the devil
no cranberry nose please I almost
cringed in myself just saying that but
it kind of you know I'm a little
distracted on this run right now by its
badness so we're going to head down to
the next floor yeah there's a curse room
what about it what we're going to do is
use our orbital to deal all of our
damage that bloody loss doesn't do to
begin with not bloody less blood right
bloody lusts will be like something that
could help us get more than 2.5 damage
at this point that's ridiculous what do
we need that for it well you need your
handheld you need more than a 16 rate of
fire what's wrong with you
leach this is your time to shine these
guys are not that strong but also like
there's only so much time in a day you
know I don't really want to use red
hearts to play the blood bank because I
need those red hearts for later you know
what I love about this though is at some
point we might if we play our cards
right hit a breaking point that's
actually good I know breaking points are
usually bad but we might hit a breaking
point that's actually good and all I
mean by that is use blood rights to put
yourself at a half heart interval then
you get HP back well 9 HP back so you
get invincibility then you use your
invincibility to use the orbital to deal
damage to enemies and then a hopefully
leech gets in there it gives you some HP
back to repeat the process in the
meantime no guarantees obviously but I
mean have you seen this run I'll take
what I can get at this point
leech leech okay well you know
again a man's got to know his
limitations with one bomb we can't
really justify that unfortunately all
right
fourth time's a charm an item room that
improves our stats we've had glaucoma
strange attractor I don't even remember
did we go to the item room on the last
floor I'd have been sold mine flooded I
just gave up
so dr. fetus is is a help helpful item
here admittedly we will probably be able
to destroy enemies now and if you are
displeased by this revelation like
basically screw you I earned it on this
run the fact that we not only lived but
almost thrive on those first three
floors is incredible not like you know
it's a miracle but it's miraculous most
of you've got like leech and blood
rights to think I'm still happy to have
blood rights by the way if we can get a
more consistent way to regenerate HP I'm
all for it
dr. fetus is no longer like an easy 100
percent game-winning item dude this is
it this is actually how we use blood
rights consistently I'm kind of jazz so
jazzed I'm using terminology that hasn't
been popular since like the 1940s but
I'm kind of jazzed because we should be
able to turn this into a pretty amazing
blood right showcase here an
extravaganza if you will
luckily we have like a great backup
means of dealing damage right now as
well which is uh didn't always look that
way so somehow we're also probably going
to have a chance oh come on we're going
to have a chance to make the boss rush
here
I'm not going to prioritize it because
that would by you know what let's per
throat see if we get something better
and I like having blood rides right now
I think that this is a novel enough
concept despite the fact that it's been
in the game for twenty five million
years I have never really deigned to use
blood rights effectively I always just
get it and then go as kind of garbage
this is the situation in which blood
rights is actually like meaningful for
me right now and I'm excited as a result
of it it doesn't happen to too frequent
let's go
several runes that's a great blood
rights opportunity and even think about
it might as well to of heart says we're
going to take something else here so we
got pacano
got Yarra you got algae's we got perthro
we got algae's so we take yera but it's
kind of close so we are definitely not
going to go to boss rush I know like ten
seconds ago I was like that's a
guarantee or not a guarantee but the
possibility it's not going to happen
here
we got three hearts just keep an eye on
your hearts and you should be fine we
might have two and a half now I don't
know so don't use this anymore you've
done your part curse of the unknown
pretty much screws us
Stars wheel of fortune I think we're
just gonna I mean yes I like having a
yellow room this run is thrown my normal
you know valuations into into a tizzy
though how low does our shots we get if
we take lazy were in danger of actually
hitting ourselves with our own bombs
from a standing position it's pretty
horrible speaking of pretty horrible
robo-baby 2.0 just knocking it out of
the park with the item rooms here oh man
this is uh it's amazing to me and I
really should not complain and instead
should just be grateful but it is
amazing to me that we're on the Deaf's
one we have two point five damage the
forty two rate of fire is misleading but
you know if you want to if you want to
include that in the narrative to
strengthen it that's fine to be at forty
two rate of fire and two point five
damage this late in the game is is not
common that is that's an extreme example
of the game giving you a bad seed
however we're at full HP we're
persevering here and again I would love
to be like oh it's just my singular good
play that's keeping us afloat here I'm
not saying we played badly I don't think
we have however it's largely and by
largely I mean like a hundred percent
blood rights that has that's kept the
dream alive here yeah we're not leaving
this this place on schedule so don't
even sweat it
karma devil era let's see what we got
for our boss fight the two blinded opens
or is it like blighted ovum plus
something else kind of amazed we managed
to make it out of there without getting
tagged
you got this you got this you got I need
that HP buddy
well careful what you wish for oh I
don't really want to explore can you
blame me
we got 0.01 speed negative 15 damage
it's not that I want to get through the
game particularly quickly it's just like
backtracking the run like this is like
more than mildly tedious but if nothing
else we have definitely and all steals
graver we've definitely by the way I
mean I know I'm interrupting myself
constantly here but if you really wanted
to be the greatest pedantic min/max er
of all time I guess you take balls of
steel out of the room drop it then go
back in for the era rune and then you
lose like a spirit hour and a half in
the process but gain two spirit arts Wow
the man's ingenuity knows no bounds but
I mean that is the right play but I just
can't bring myself to to care that much
about minutiae on that level but again
more power to you it is the right play
I'm going to leave this run one way or
the other with a newfound appreciation
sincerely for for blood rights this is
an item that perhaps unfairly I have
criticized as being largely useless and
I think it's highly situational but I
have never really respected or at least
seen firsthand the situation in which it
makes itself useful Judas's tongue may
actually be better for us what a
topsy-turvy run i genuinely think that a
v reduction in tier delay means less
than Judas's tongue here we've hit a run
in which the cancer trinket is not as
good as Judas's tongue just in case you
were wondering what kind of upside-down
world you woke up in this morning the
other problem with blood rides is it's
not I don't know if it scales with our
damage but it's not killing enemies
as consistently as it used to we will
take poke a comb it's nothing no wrong
with that donate a little bit of money
we are on the last floor with the shop
so we can eke out some cosmic karma it's
good tower justice card ace of clubs
we don't need bombs necessarily because
we have well infinity of them so there
is a star's card back in the back in the
rotation somewhere so I guess we'll just
go to the boss fight and then we'll walk
back because if we're going to walk back
anyway then who cares if you walk back
now we're a little later right on tanky
enemies my favorite Toni Braxton's song
still dying relatively easily I don't
want round cap come on now look little
ridiculous why did Toni Braxton and Eric
Clapton never do a collaboration
together they couldn't call it tun Eric
Braxton would have worked gangbusters
what's their problem
pop stars card still like pretty bad but
you know this is a run in which we're
learning a bit about some items that
otherwise I've considered not that
amazing sure let's uh let's go for broke
man
never well I am prospective punching bag
on occasion but most of the time I don't
like that it draws aggro because I want
my enemies to be predictable and this
doesn't always happen with punching bag
we already have yerin you can tiara Yara
so we're pretty much good to go here
this is sin I will not like if there's a
deal with the devil that gives us
something amazing I'm taking it it's not
like I'm going to be like let's commit
to this stupid no damage run and not
take brimstone or something like that
not that brimstone the damage up to
begin with this you get the idea but
right now this could conceivably be like
the actual lowest damage I've ever had
on a run
Wynn's that's frightening and kind of
hilarious like even so we're building it
just goes to show you like how good the
design of Isaac is because we're going
to build a run that actually benefits
from our stupid scenario right now it
takes one full heart does that mean it
takes two hearts now we should maybe try
to find out that good
I could put a monkey wrench into things
because camión conception gives us more
didn't get killed by one bomb that's a
problem but can being conception gives
us more familiars after we could hit X
number of times well it's an awkward way
to explain it basically it gives us free
familiars that only become active once
we get hit a certain number of times so
we are at two and a half parts that's
where we want to be shouldn't take those
because the health downgrade could be
like catastrophic let's see one heart
please it only takes one heart so we can
make candy and conception happen here
probably a lot and came being conception
could give us succubus it could give us
Incubus it could give us a lot of ways I
mean it could obviously give us the
songs that remind us of the good times
and the songs that remind us are the
best times but mostly it can give us
things that allow us to kill enemies
without dealing more damage which is
idiotic and hilarious and like exactly
what this run needs to reach peak idiocy
felt like a secret room was a secret
room
of course we are in potential permanent
Polaroid invincibility territory as well
which is what I'm trying to take
advantage of here on occasion trying to
keep an eye out I wish gave me
conception when like glare when you got
a familiar but it doesn't so we have to
pay attention to that
ou have to pay attention to my job this
is my impression of a baby boomers
impression of Millennials see it's a
little meta magician on Seuss might as
well hold the era there is a naive hope
that at some point we'll be able to get
you know a damage upgrade if I'm being a
hundred percent honest I think we
probably would be in a good position on
this run even if we didn't get dr. fetus
dr. fetus is and don't get me wrong I'm
a huge fan of it right now it's helping
out a great deal it's making my life
easier however I think we totally still
would have been okay just by cleverly
quote-on-quote at least trying to use
blood rights here it's it's working
especially considering we you know we
have the leech and little Chad helping
us out as well in my headcanon little
Chad by the way is Chad Kensington from
the Friday the 13th video games so you
know just draw your fan fictions of that
okay little little risky little risky
this should do it we're good
we did get it the old devil we got more
HP that's extremely important what
happens if you take mom's knife with the
bombs you just have a knife and then
also every time you press the button
your knife moves out a little bit and
then you shoot some bombs is exactly
what happens this isn't even that useful
but at least when we get invincibility
we can poke enemies with the pointy end
and mess them up pretty good right all
right I actually like this is the
strangest mom's knife but you might be
like Oh mom's knives like this run's
foregone conclusion you're going to win
now it is but for different reasons I
feel so weird complaining about this run
because it's actually not impossible for
us to lose but like pretty unlikely that
we lose the real reason for that is not
mom's knife it's not dr. fetus it's
blood rice and little Chad Kay I don't
know how it's working out this way I
never asked for this but I think I was I
was the proper steward for this run
because I will embrace the absurdity of
a womb 22.5 damage run I was forged in
the fire so I'm not gonna act like
typically my runs are bad you know
there's a concept of northernlion luck
for a reason but 2.5 damage oh that's
not bad you must have a soy milk or
something right 2.5 damage is really
good for soymilk actually my rate of
fire is 40
to who well you must have mom's knife in
dr. fetus and two of the items that
don't really require that much damage
from a statistical standpoint to really
do good things for you well you do have
me there admittedly I mean I have me
there because I came up with them but
you get the idea okay
I don't think we've gotten anything yet
from Kane being conception you know what
would be the big came being conception
drop first off this is actually
incredible because now with
invincibility we can also generate black
hearts how many'd our cards dude but
what I was going to say that dark bomb
is like a really really good well maybe
not actually because we want to take all
of our red hearts disregard that dark
bombs terrible you know we're in the
topsy-turvy world where Judas is tongue
is the most valuable of all possible
trinkets yeah we want both of those we
want invincibility and we want to walk
into mom right away should have thrown
some more bombs down there
our speed is so bad dude no we're not
don't don't be an idiot
I'm not going that way we don't need
Guppies frickin hairball we're going up
to the Cathedral but I needed the black
heart in the process what the heck is
this run i oh we got Incubus by the way
now I just noticed
luckily Incubus does not shoot out bombs
or we would be in a rough spot but
unfortunately doesn't really shoot out
much of anything except for a knife that
doesn't go anywhere so maybe for
invincibility purposes there's help
there by the way I hope that you know if
you've watched enough episodes of mine
you know I'm not the person that is you
know tempted to exaggerate for comedic
effect well that's not true i
exaggerated but I don't go you know like
whoa this run is crazy when it's like
you know spinning mom's nice what ten
out of ten best run ever
you know I at least I don't do that
anymore people like my mind our sense of
jaded miss who's the certain proportion
of them so if I'm acting like the run is
a wild time it's because I truly okay
stop
it's because I truly believe it and I
think this is okay okay okay
I think this run is genuinely in
contention for like one of the strangest
runs I've ever had
we're almost in like a RI p territory
here so we got to just ease up play a
little better like this could be a huge
boon or or could kill you dead good
could actually kill you dead as well the
other thing I suppose we're on the
cathedral so that's a free deal with the
angel item lockdown not really
interested full red heart very
interested and we want to use it outside
just to make sure it's an angel item and
scapula and scapular is potentially
really really valuable to always
generate a spirit heart for us but we
got to be at a half heart interval to
make it happen so it's lockdown lockdown
pheromones hold the era obviously we
want blood rights I think you just fight
it with with dr. fetus this should take
approximately ten human lifetimes use
blood rights once the reason there is so
we can get lifesteal out of Leach if it
ever finds enemies so I'm trying to like
I can't really get close because I can't
back away quickly
those are spirit heart if we can just
get Leach to to understand that there is
an enemy here in the form of our boss we
got no problems or less problems
I just want to get a half heart a half
heart allows us to have invincibility
which allows us to use our knife which
allows me to have a chance to get the
kill here which enemy are you aggro to
buddy Oh little dicey my favorite
Yahtzee based rapper
this run is actually I mean it's no joke
two floors ago I was likely just press
the spacebar only win strange run has
gotten stranger you're bundled up now
watching The Lone Ranger starring Johnny
Depp and Armie Hammer dude mom named
them after baking soda okay grab this
let's head down here we got the arrow
rune and we this is our chance to get
one damage upgrade lemon mishap okay
crickets body we really got to be
careful of that but it's not necessarily
bad ecoli with invincibility has great
chances for success speed up is so huge
Celtic Cross occasional invincibility
juices sack mom's bottle of pills given
us a Tears downgrade and teleporter so
this is how Liberty dies
thunderous applause let's go
what do you do I think you just shoot
bombs and hope for the best
oh oh I don't know I think that was like
Incubus mom's knife did like all the
work for us there this is going to hurt
I'm amazed we only got hit once I think
that's a huge get for us to a hearts
please chaos
card
I don't care you till last this is
probably for the best but it's not like
we need a second virus the pill can save
us cool chaos cards what in the world
now I recognize I'm not using blood
rides much anymore our red hearts are
just too valuable what is this guy give
us wisdom bombs at this point Bob's
curse plus five poison bumps a waz rune
wheel of fortune that's a free item dude
we should have played it to try to get a
spirit heart that we got chemical peel
it's a damage upgrade but it didn't give
us a damage upgrade until this is
Christmas what is I mean how many times
you say the same expression but like
seriously what a strange run
crickets body was definitely like the
biggest coup that we got on this whole
run and even then I'm not completely
convinced that it's exclusively done
good stuff for us
we could always chaos one of these guys
doesn't seem like the right play what we
do is we wait until well we have the
luxury at least we wait until they get
to payouts from little Chad Kensington
and then we pick up both of them or we
just take a full heart if it drops
that's also fine a third chaos card you
got to be kidding me
the thing is I recognize this the virus
is actually sweet for us potentially
giving us black hearts we could use that
like Matthew McConaughey tells Christian
Bale at the climax of the 2002 film rain
of fire Quinn use it when an enemy runs
through Incubus and just gives it blown
out by the little tiny knife it's a
dream come true however I don't want to
give it the chance to fail because like
one heart is worth the entire planet of
Earth to us
I also have to point out were it not for
dr. fetus this run would have taken us
98 years one year for every degree of 98
degrees to defeat we would not be here
at 35 minutes you might be here at 35
hours I can't say no to Book of Shadows
but I can't leave this room without
having bloody blood rights bloody blood
rights you're familiar with that of
course so what I'm doing is using Book
of Shadows like once to get through a
room I'm not a huge fan of in the hopes
that it pays out with the demon heart
which it didn't pay doubt mr. mega and
you know what we can do it again I you
don't even need to tell me it's another
chaos card I'm aware that's a chaos card
it's always a chaos card now
it never ends dude mr. Megan it's the
saving grace we're going to win it's
probably looked like that the writing's
been on the wall for a while but we're
like actually going to win
what does stupid run this is hilarious
all right well we made it out with
starting damage and a rate of fire four
times worse than our starting damage a
little misleading there all admit I'm
sorry of blood rights but goodbye this
was your you still get the star of the
show here there's no question but my god
what did what a hilarious situation for
now thanks for watching if you enjoyed
the episode of you think ligo like
button I'll set a great deal of course
subscribe you want to see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time